[Music]
alice has a manuscript that's due really
soon
everyone at the agency is getting a bit
nervous i mean i haven't seen a
manuscript
have you seen the manuscript i have not
seen a manuscript
for years now she's been hinting that
she's revisiting one of her characters
so i booked you on the queen mary 2 with
her two friends and a nephew
here's to picking up the conversation
where we left off
and here's to reconnecting the gang of
three
who we used to be did you always talk
like that
i'm going to start work on my manuscript
swim at three
dinner at seven back home to work or bed
or both i probably work in bed
i kind of feel like i'm spending time
with three almost like
dinosaurs no you believe
alice and her book determined your whole
life the consequences on my life of her
actions were unacceptable i want to go
have a drink later
no i can't
[Music]
i just don't know who you are anymore
does anybody trust you we really lost
each other
how's work going ah i've hit a wall well
maybe you should take a breather
sometimes the sources that a writer uses
are very close to home there is a lot of
excitement is there anything you might
be able to
share with us not really not at this
point no
whatever character i write about is
essentially about me
that's a little compass who is the real
you where's tyler he has a
date an older woman how much older
like in her 80s
[Music]
you